ADIOS2 schema 2022_07_26, based on ADIOS2 modifiable attributes (#1310)
openPMD/openPMD-api: docs/source/backends/adios2.rst

An attribute, once defined, cannot be deleted, implying that the ADIOS2 backend will recover groups that might not actually be logically present in the current step.

As a result of this behavior, support for ADIOS2 steps is currently restricted.

For full support of ADIOS2 steps, we introduce a group table that makes use of modifiable attributes in ADIOS2 v2.9, i.e. attributes that can have different values across steps.

An openPMD group ``<group>`` is present if:

1. The integer attribute ``__openPMD_groups/<group>`` exists
2. and:

  a. the file is either accessed in random-access mode
  b. or the current value of said attribute is equivalent to the current step index.

This feature can be activated via the JSON/TOML key ``adios2.use_group_table = true`` or via the environment variable ``OPENPMD2_ADIOS2_USE_GROUP_TABLE=1``.
It is fully backward-compatible with the old layout of openPMD in ADIOS2 and mostly forward-compatible (except the support for steps).

The variable-based encoding of openPMD automatically activates the group table feature.

> The group table feature automatically activates the use of ADIOS2 steps (which until now was an opt-in feature via ``adios2.engine.usesteps = true``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The group table feature automatically activates the use of ADIOS2 steps (which until version 0.15 was an opt-in feature via ``adios2.engine.usesteps = true``).
```
